# Security filtering Connector

## Connector Description

- This connector generates a configurable number of documents, all with random titles and body fields.
- Also document ACLs, groups and users will be generated using the connector configurations.

### Access Control Fetcher behavior

- This fetcher was implemented in SecurityFilteringAccessControlFetcher class
- `numberOfNestedGroups` represents the number of nested groups levels, for each level, the same number of groups will be created, and a user who will own them will be created too.
    - Group ID format `group_<level>_<group_count>`
    - User ID format `user_<level>`
    - Groups in a higher level will be parent group of the next groups level
    - Groups level threshold will be `1 <= X <= numberOfNestedGroups`
- For each document, a document ACL will be emitted, document ACLs will randomly own groups as part of their inbound field
- The documents indexed by the access control fetcher will be stored in the collection: `{DATASOURCE_ID}_access_control_hierarchy`. There the `DATASOURCE_ID` is the id of the configuration.

## Quick start

1. Clone the repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/lucidworks/connectors-sdk-resources.git
cd connectors-sdk-resources/java-sdk/connectors/
./gradlew assemblePlugins
```

2. This produces one zip file, named `security-filtering-connector.zip`, located in the `security-filtering-connector/build/plugins` directory.
This artifact is now ready to be uploaded directly to Fusion as a connector plugin.

3. See the following [instructions](../README.md) on how to build, deploy, and run the plugin


## Connector properties

### Main properties

|Property Name| Property description|
|---|---|
| Nested Groups | The number of nested groups to be generated by the access control fetch |

### Security trimming properties

|Property Name| Property description|
|---|---|
| Enable security trimming | When enable, the access control fetcher will be executed |
| ACL collection name | The name of the collection where the documents indexed by access control fetcher will be indexed |

### Content generator properties

|Property Name| Property description|
|---|---|
| Total | The total number of documents to generate |
| Minimum number of sentences | The minimum number of sentences to generate per document, the random generator will use this value as lower bound to calculate a random number of sentences|
| maximum number of sentences | The maximum number of sentences to generate per document, the random generator will use this value as upper bound to calculate a random number of sentences|

## Security trimming stage (Query time)

After index documents in the content and access control collections, we can run a search query to filter the results based on a username.
First, we need to add the `Security Trimming` query stage to the query pipeline and configure it.
Then, we can run a search query using any user: `user_X`, where `1 <= X <= numberOfNestedGroups`.

Check the access control collection to review which users and groups where indexed.